release(v0.32.0): prepare release (#89)
siderolabs/omni: CHANGELOG.md

## [Omni 0.32.0](https://github.com/siderolabs/omni/releases/tag/v0.32.0) (2024-03-28)

Welcome to the v0.32.0 release of Omni!

Please try out the release binaries and report any issues at
https://github.com/siderolabs/omni/issues.

### Maintenance Mode Configs

Talos nodes which do not have Omni SideroLink parameters can now be joined by applying the maintenance machine config with the Omni parameters.
Omni now properly handles them and preserves them over resets.

### `omnictl support`

`omnictl` CLI tool now has support bundle collection utility.
It collects all cluster related resources from Omni and includes all data which can be collected by `talosctl support` command.

### Omni Workload Proxy

> Kubernetes services exposed through Omni now open on a new page, instead using the iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes services exposed through Omni now open on a new page, instead of using an iframe.
```
